Feature/strict types (#6)
laminas/laminas-server: docs/book/v3/intro.md

# Introduction

> The laminas-server family of classes provides functionality for the various server

Reviewer: I think it needs "is a" and need to change the "family" to "collection"

```suggestion
The laminas-server is a collection of classes provides functionality for the various server
```

Author: The text is based on README, where the same expression is being used. Personally, I don't see the necessity of a change. Collection sounds much larger than just 2 (JSON-RPC and XML-RPC) packages.

Reviewer: ok, I think the "is a" is still needed.

Author: I am not following. "provides" is the verb in the sentence.

Reviewer: ok 👍

classes, including [laminas-xmlrpc](https://docs.laminas.dev/laminas-xmlrpc) and

> [laminas-json-server](https://docs.laminas.dev/laminas-json-server/).

Reviewer 2: And laminas-soap!

Author: Added `laminas-soap` to v3 Introduction and README.
